so first up one of people that we have
who's going to be joining as their
Adichie's she is a filmmaker and any
nice for him okay advice I would say
your junior in high school you don't
have and so just pursue whatever you
love this guy and just make videos about
that do not do not conform to what
everyone else is doing because that's
what's gonna keep you until 2 a.m.
editing that video is doing something
that you truly love you're truly
passionate about I know that sounds
cheesy but if you're doing something
that's not true to yourself that's not
going to be sustainable we just finished
our presentations how to go one pretty
well so is the fun thing where we were
like online and gave all PowerPoint
presentations to this exclusive audience
of just creative entrepreneurs all that
stuff and it was fun go team good
woo no guys the next thing I'm about to
do is very exciting I can't wait to
share it with you so excited it is time
you know I love them you know I love
Twitter so that excited let's go visit
Twitter H cute should I bring my hat I
did bring my Twitter hat I just I don't
I'm not going to bring it in hopes that
will give me another go give me a block
moving away from this to blue and gray a
new Twitter color palette guys yes it's
what's happening sitting here in the
Blue Room at Twitter I want to introduce
you to James what do you do here at
Twitter I do partnerships here at
Twitter yeah Sarah's awesome she's the
best I'm so happy
but yeah I found it interesting I have a
question for you
the people at Twitter do they say Jif or
gif what is what is that consensus I go
back and forth every time okay I've been
a Jif person yes I started as a good
person in vanilla yes she's like
converted I'm converted what we're
saying Heidi I think I say gif
okay I say Jeff here in the Blue Room so
Connor at Connor Franta was here last
week mm-hmm so yeah Connor Connor Franta
was roaming roaming this room that's
pretty cool scholars box
Connors box on it oh my god look at this
guy's maybe one day could club if you
know me well you know I love Twitter so
that that was amazing I met a lot of
just so many amazing human beings have
you seen the past few weeks of vlogs you
know I wear my Twitter hat a ton and I
also wear that other green hat attend
you probably have no idea what it is but
it's for it's like the symbol for niche
and niche is the like Twitter's company
that pairs up creators with brands and
so I just got a niche swag box we should
look what's in it but first things first
look what I got I felt like the biggest
dork
James handed me like a pink Twitter hat
so I had I was like um you know so I
already have the pink Twitter hat and
the blue Twitter hat and the white
Twitter hat the only one that I'm
missing is the black I got all the other
ones from VidCon and so to complete my
collection I have the black Twitter hat
I have to get ready for dinner
so y'all look out the window for a
little bit for fancy dinner okay it's a
quick life update I've been outside I'm
proud of myself I've been outside more
than normal but I've been getting a
sunburn I've been getting a crewneck
sunburn so I had this redness and then
since I'm wearing makeup Sun isn't
getting to the face it's it's
interesting you guys are always talking
about how white I am I know I know
look hillside it's a it's a smiley face
baby it's a county things I didn't
really say a nun smiley face yeah yeah
and that's me just finish the tire China
I'm trying to convince it to start like
know what you mean
once a week I think she in the last vlog
had like a hashtag team
okay keep doing that and also good team
did a team thing so the night is winding
down it was an amazing amazing dinner so
much fun giving like presentations and
hey you never want to be amazing people
why would I ever do someone this gonna
is Travis do you do a lot of them on
YouTube I have a channel called dev tips
teach people how to design encode and
think like a professional
I'm such a big believer and like going
to those places where the people are
like similar professions or just similar
ways you make I can't even thinks I'm
just overwhelmed every night but you
just never know running into a random
person out of party that's how we met
literally at a VidCon party or just we
were getting coffee you know and as a
relaxed conference you never know of
course you go to the conference's go to
these events to learn things and it's
about the people other people
shaking our hands
and the icing is supposed like never
just hanging out yeah
very real today CPG